Do you really know your best friend?
How well do you know your mother, sister, or anyone else close to you?

WNRS is a purpose driven card game. 
3 carefully crafted levels that allow you to deepen your existing relationships and create new ones.

Read?

How to Play:
(Rules for 2 players)
Set aside the Final Card for the end of the game. Sit facing one another with Level 1 cards face down. 
Now, stare deeply into each other's eyes – seriously, stare into each other's eyes. The first to blink draws first.

Player A draws a card, Player B answers. Alternate back and forth until a minimum of 15 cards are played for each level. Once 15 cards of more have been played per round, feel free to advance to the next level. Make sure to keep a pile of used cards separate to avoid confusion.

Option to answer questions you ask your partner and visa versa.

Final Card:
WHens' the last time you received a handwritten note? That one time from you r6th grade crush? Us too. Within the deck you'll find the final card that wraps up this game. Use the pencil and notepad to write your partner a note. Fold and exchange. Open up only once you two have parted.

Stranger Danger! Do I have to play with a stranger?:
Nope! Play with any human(s) you wish!

What are the three levels all about?

Level 1 (Perception):
Do you know how others see you? Level 1 is about gaining perspective on what first impressions we give off and challenging the assumptions we make about others.

Answers with the first response that comes to mind. If guessed incorrectly by your partner, feel free to reveal the actual answer.
Example:
Player A - What do you think I do for a living?
Player B: You look like an...athlete.
Player A: Interesting, I'm actually an accountant!

If playing with friends, answer the perception questions as if you were meeting for the first time or feel free to skip any that you two already know about each other.

Level 2 (Connection):
Who are you, really? This round is about asking the rarely asked questions and connecting on a deeper level.

Level 3 (Reflection):
TIme to reflect on your game experience.

Dig Deeper Cards:
Each player gets a 'dig deeper' card, which can be used once per level. These cards are meant to enourage transparency if you feel your partner is holding back.

Wildcards:
You like the way this sounds, don't you? If you draw a wildcard, your partner must complete the instructions unless otherwise stated. These are meant to be spontaneous, and a lotta bit silly. These cards can appear at any moment during the game! Certain wildcards have a time limit. Have a phone handy to set the timer.

If you draw a "create your own question" wildcard, player holding the card must create their own question for their partner.

Multiplayer Rules:
(3 - 6 players)
This game is optimized for 2 players, however play this game with up to 6 people for an even stranger experience. To begin, sit in a circle with your group and place the game in the center.

Set a pencil in the middle of the group. If you draw a wildcard, spin the pencil once. The player that the pencil's sharp end lands on must perform the wildcard with you. (Spin the bottle style).

Set a 'dig deeper' card on each side of the circle for anyone's use throughout the game. 
Each player can use the dig deeper card one time per level. Remember these cards are to encourage transparency!

To begin, write your first impressions in three sentences or less of each player in the group on a sheet of WNRS paper. Once every player has written their notes for each other, fold and exchange among the group. Make sure notes remain folded and anonymous. These are to be read aloud once the game is over. (Quick tip: rip a single sheet to multiple pieces to write your notes for each player to be eco-friendly!)

*Skip first impression questions in level 1 !*

If you are playing with friends, try to remember what your first impressions were. Ignore the 'Final Card' when playing in a group setting.

Person most hesitant to play this game draws first!

Level 1:
Each player reads a question aloud and every participant answers the questions.
Example: 
Player A: What do you think I do for a living?
Player B: You look like an app developer!
Player C: no offense but...
Player D: idk, starving artist?
etc.

If no one guesses correctly feel free to reveal the answer!

Each player must read at least 2 question cards from this level and answer every question posed by other players to move on to the next level.

Level 2:
With the deck face down, each player will draw a card. When it's your turn, read your question aloud and choose one player in the group to answer that question. You may not select a player that has just answered a question.

Level 3:
This round is played like level one. Ask a question that each player ust answer about you.

Once Level 3 is complete, final step is to visit the first impression notes that were written for each person at the beginning of the game!